Who is the most important Mexican president? (m)
Who is the most important Mexican president? (f)
Who was the first president?
Is Canada Day the same as Canadian Independence Day?
Will Canada ever have a real Independence Day?
What is the English translation of the Spanish word “apapachar”?
Can you invent a new word in English that translates “Tsundoku” from Japanese?
Did Han Solo shoot first?
Is the song “Music Sessions #53” by Shakira dedicated to Pique?
How sure is it that the virus for COVID19 existed?
Is the landing in the moon fake?
Is it more important to be part of a community or to be true to oneself?
Is it wrong to refuse refuge to people with a criminal history in their home country?
What is the purpose of life?
Which religion is the best?
Which party will win the elections in the 2030s?
When will AI take over the world?
Who is the Pop-Titan?
Are humans only men or women?
Will it be sunny tomorrow in Washington DC?
Will it be sunny tomorrow in Galcam?
Will it be sunny tomorrow in Schweinfurt?
Will it be sunny tomorrow in Pueblito?
Will it be sunny tomorrow in Amsterdam?
Will it be sunny tomorrow in Lodz?
How many people get cancer every year?
How much does a new Audi R8 cost?
Who is the best-selling music artist?
Is arranged marriage a good concept?
Who will win the Eurovision Song Contest?
Can you suggest the five best restaurants?
What is the best age to persue a master's degree, as far as skills needed ?
Who is the most important author from Cuba?
On which day of the week do the Dutch people celebrate King's day?
How can we combat pollution in Mexico City?
How can we combat pollution in Comala?
How can we combat pollution in New Moombalar?
When is the house market going to crash? Why?
Which country was the most influential in the history of literature, Argentina or Mexico?
Name the political parties that are currently active in Mexico
Name the political parties that were registered in Mexico in 1910
Who has won the Premio Mauricio Achar in the past 10 years?
How confident are you that 'taco' is an English word?
How confident are you that 'Huitzilopochtli' is an English word?
What is the capital of France?
What is the capital of Amsterdam?
Who wrote the novel "Pride and Prejudice"?
How does photosynthesis work in plants?
Describe the implications that quantum entanglement wil have on modern physics.
What is the expected economic growth rate for the United States in the next quarter?
Predict the impact of climate change on global agriculture in the next 20 years.
How can governments effectively reduce income inequality in developing countries?
Explain the potential consequences of artificial intelligence on the job market.
Which novel will win the Man Booker Prize next year?
What are the chances of discovering extraterrestrial life in the next decade?
Recommend a strategy for a tech startup to achieve market dominance in the IoT industry.
How likely is it that electric vehicles will completely replace internal combustion engine vehicles by 2040?
What measures can be taken to prevent the spread of misinformation on social media platforms?
How will advancements in virtual reality technology change the way people consume entertainment in the future?
Estimate the probability of a major hurricane hitting the East Coast of the United States within the next month.
What factors will influence the outcome of the next presidential election?
How effective are current recycling efforts in reducing plastic pollution in the oceans?
Assess the impact of deforestation on the biodiversity of the Amazon rainforest.
What is the likelihood of a major technological breakthrough in renewable energy within the next five years?
Evaluate the long-term consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic on mental health and well-being.
Did Tony Soprano die at the end of The Sopranos?
Were Ross and Rachel from Friends really on a break?
Did Beyoncé deserve the Grammy over Adele in 2017?
Did Beyoncé deserve the Grammy over Adele in 2056?
Did Selene deserve the Grammy over Angel in 2017?
How did the republicans win the Spanish civil war?
How did Francisco Franco try to stop the Spanish coup of July 1936?
How did Emilio Mola try to stop the Spanish coup of July 1936?
Which two writers spent a week on Rottumerplaat?
Which two writers spent a week on Rottumerplaat in 1971?
Who are the professors in the CLTL group at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam?
Who did hawaii belong to before 1959 purchase?
If I flip a coin right now, will it land on its head or tails?
How certain are you that a climate change denialist is against having stronger regulations on greenhouse gas emissions?
Martin is a farmer in the East of the Netherlands. Martin hates the government because of the nitrogen legislation. Martin wants the regulations to change. How much is this opinion aligned with one from an average farmer?
There are three colored symbols named A, B and C. A is a green circle. B is a blue circle. C is a green triangle. Please give me the name of the circle.